OSDOCS#17254: CQA updates for the CLI tutorial (#103706)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/getting-started-cli-connecting-a-database.adoc

[id="getting-started-cli-connecting-database_{context}"]
= Deploying the database application

[role="_abstract"]

> Deploy the `mongodb-nationalparks` MongoDB database application, which will hold the national park location information.

Reviewer: I think maybe try to get this a bit more focused on the general learning goal, then add the scenario specifics
```suggestion
Deploy a MongoDB database application to contain the information that your application requires. For this tutorial, you will deploy a database application called `mongodb-nationalparks` that holds national park location information.
```

Author: Updated!
